model score given a particular configuration of the hyper parameters? So this is ultimately what we want
to find out. But we want to find this. We want to find the configuration that gives the maximum or minimum
depending on the objective, giving the what is the configuration that gives the maximum model score.
But at the same time, we don't have the liberty of trying out
all of these iterations, all of these configurations possible, right? The number of iterations or the
number of iterations means training here. Each training process is what we refer to as iteration.
The number of iterations is something that we want to reduce. So we want to achieve this
objective with minimum number of iterations. How do we do this? This essentially boils down into four
steps. First, we need a surrogate model. Surrogate model is nothing but the model where we predict the
model score or the objective function, whatever we want to call it. So predict the objective function
given a particular configuration of hyper parameters, right? So we will have a surrogate